and now Dave Lancaster and tackle tips
brought to you by Hana paha white house
it Dave laughs caste here with tackle
tips from jalapao fishing supply and
joining me have kevin tsukuda
he's with hammerhead hammerhead spear
guns right okay
and today the tip we're gonna teach
everybody is how to replace the what the
cold would you call your gun down here's
unbalanced
okay there's lots of different types of
spear guns so we're gonna teach you how
to replace the spear again but this
because they degrade when they're
exposed to UV and the ocean and elements
okay first we have this big wood spear
gun yeah and we can actually slide or
spear gun ban into this wooden slot okay
now can you normally have multiple of
bands oh yeah just the gun actually
requires four guns for bad or bad yeah
for one shot for one shot well you can
cue one way all over this thing through
yeah nectar band here okay and the knot
we're using right here is called a sheet
Bend okay and it's a lot of sailing race
sailing both use it mhm and the tighter
the knot gets the more it constricts on
it okay alright and I'm what other type
of guns we have here this right here we
have another it's another locally made
guns called the aim right okay for this
gun we're gonna spray it with a little
bit of silicon right okay and we can
slide the band straight through ah
and then a little bit more silicone on
that slide there and make it slip right
through makes it slip right through okay
so that's the easy one okay now what's
what about this is not you tie this to
the sale not the knot is called the
sheep sheep sheep BAM correct for the
sailing for the sailing feeling ceiling
sheets okay there we go
and it's really simple okay it goes in
mm-hmm around and back under on both
sides and so the more harder you pull
yes okay and also there's an advantage
if you have a spear gun shaft like this
one well there's a little abrasive
knotch
yeah swing it through the little wear
out over time and so you can't you just
change out right
not the whole thing not the Oban all of
you guys learned something today Kevin
thank you so much for joining Dave
hammerhead spear guns the tackle tip for
you here on Hawaii coasters coming up
hazel hoes shares a baked salmon dish
with Dave on grill recipes
you